Chore/updated readme (#108)
Innoactive/XR-Interaction-Component: README.md

> This component implements interactions in VR using the Unity XR Interaction framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [Innoactive Creator](https://github.com/Innoactive/Creator) components implements interactions in VR using the Unity XR Interaction framework.
```
